05/10/97, Sunday

*[.underline]#Tower of Babel (2)#*

By Daniel Feiglin

Once upon a time in a distant community, the people decided to build a
tower up to the sky, so they could go up and have a face-to-face
discussion with the Ancient of Days.

Of course, to build such a tower, they had to organize materials, tools,
machinery workers and all else needed for such a project.

They dug foundations, poured concrete, and behold the day came to add
the first floor.

They surrounded the site with scaffolding and after a short time the
first storey was in place.

They then proceeded to add the second storey - first the scaffolding and
then the building.

As time went by, the scaffolding and the tower grew. But the scaffolding
obscured the view of the tower. Further, because of building logistics,
the scaffolding grew outwards as well as upwards.

As the scaffolding grew out and up, it became convenient to install
living facilities for the workers, so they wouldn't have to waste time
going back and forth each day.

It was found that building productivity and worker morale could be
drastically improved by letting them bring their wives and children to
live in the scaffolding.

No one noticed that the bulk of productive work gradually shifted from
building the tower to maintaining the scaffolding.

With the passage of time, there emerged "scaffolding communities".
Children were born who never set foot on the ground below, and whose
eyes never beheld the sky above.

Meanwhile, the scaffolding grew and grew while the progress of the tower
was ... almost miniscule.

_______________

Somewhere up above, The Ancient of Days sat among the Denizens on High
and watched. A hundred scaffolding years went by, and one of the
Denizens on High spoke up:

"Should we not go down and confuse their tongues, like we did to the
last lot?"

The Ancient of Days glanced down at the tower and the scaffolding and
the scaffolding communities. Another hundred scaffolding years went by,
and the Ancient of Days answered:

"Why bother?"
