Day after day, in all weather, rain or shine he was out there, plodding
back and forth with his placard.

No one knew where he came from. No one was even certain how long he had
been doing it. A year? Ten years? Longer? No one knew.

But day after day, he would appear just before daybreak an unkempt old
man, dressed in an unkempt pair of baggy gray trousers, an old tattered
baggy oversize coat, a floppy hat and sandals. All day long he would
plod back and forth in front of the Parliament building, bearing his
placard.

People passing by, who had not noticed him before, would stop for a
moment, read the hand-written scrawl on the placard and move on.
Occasionally one might be heard to remark, “You know what? He has a
point” or “He could be right” or even “Yes, they should really do
something about that”.

And shortly after sundown, he would disappear as unobtrusively as his
morning arrival. No one knew exactly when and no one had the faintest
idea to where.

The demonstrator became something of a focal point for tourists. Across
the road from the Parliament building someone opened The Shaggy
Demonstrator Pub. Word had it that each day the Publican would slip the
demonstrator a sandwich and a can of beer. The only evidence of that was
that after a further year or so the demonstrator didn’t look quite so
scrawny. But whatever the case it was a good investment, as even Members
of Parliament from across the road started to visit the Pub.

They also looked at the hand written placard and made remarks like, “You
know what? He has a point” or “He could be right” or even “Yes, we
should really do something about that”.

And then one day the demonstrator didn’t show up. And a second day. And
a third day. Business at the Shaggy Demonstrator Pub faltered as the
Parliamentarians lost interest.

A week, a month went by but the demonstrator did not return.

The Publican contacted his friend at the Chamber of Commerce who
contacted his friend in the City Council who contacted his local Member
of Parliament who had frequented the Shaggy Demonstrator Pub for many
years. It was agreed that the demonstrator was no more, having
faithfully plodded the street for ten, fifteen, twenty … years. But no
one really knew how long. It was also agreed that the demonstrator had
devoted his life to the principle of free expression of democratic
opinion, although not mainstream, certainly worthy of careful
consideration. It was decided to erect a monument on the sidewalk
outside the Parliament buildings to the memory of the demonstrator.

A year later, statue bearing the likeness of the demonstrator was
erected on a square stone pedestal. It was suggested that on the face of
pedestal toward the road, should be engraved the text of the
demonstrator’s placard.

The Publican looked at the Chamber of Commerce man. And he looked at the
Member of Parliament. And he looked back to the Publican. But no one
could remember what was written on the placard.
