Just before the outbreak of WW I my maternal grandparents, Aaron and
Juliette Ackerman left Antwerp taking their small daughter Rashel, and
went to London. They had good enough reason: They were Polish citizens
and Aaron had no interest in being drafted into the Polish army that was
then under the hegemony of Tzarist Russia. Even while in London, he had
to keep a step ahead of the Russian Embassy to which he had to report
from time to time.

In Antwerp, the Ackerman family belonged to the מחזיקי הדת synagogue. As
a matter of course, in 1914, they joined the מחזיקי הדת
footnote:[Spitalfields Great Synagogue, known as מחזיקי הדת, in London.]
synagogue in London.

In late 1915, Rav Avraham Yitzchak HaCohen Kook was invited to fill the
rabbinic post at the מחזיקי הדת synagogue, in London. Rav Kook agreed to
accept the position, but on one condition: that after the war, he would
be free to return unhindered to Eretz Yisrael.

Aaron Ackerman was both a man of means and ex-Yeshiva student and again,
as a matter of course would have met Rav Kook.

What did they talk about? We will never know. But we do know what
followed.

After WW I, Rav Kook returned to Eretz Yisrael and the rest is a matter
of history – well, almost, as we shall see.

The Ackermans returned to Antwerp where Aaron became a successful
diamond merchant. He also joined the board of the מחזיקי הדת synagogue,
eventually becoming the President.

Their youngest daughter Lina, was born in 1922.

During mid 1939 it was clear to the Ackermans that war was coming. Aaron
organized a business trip to the Far East for Rashel, her husband Roman
and their four-year-old son, Isi. My mother, then 17 years old, jumped
up and down – “I want to go too”. The Ackermans needed no convincing.

The children reached New Guinea where Roman contracted malaria and they
went on to Sydney, Australia for recuperation. Meanwhile WW II broke out
and the Ackermans instructed the children by telegram, to stay in
Australia. They moved to Melbourne where the youngest daughter, Lina met
Isaac (Itzik) Feiglin. They were married on Lag BaOmer 1942, and were
able to exchange telegrams with the Ackermans in Antwerp. And then
silence.

-----------

Aaron and Juliette Ackerman were on the last transport of Belgian Jews
to Auschwitz. They arrived by train in cattle carts in the morning of
3^rd^ October, 1942, Shmini Atzeret. The German Murder machine was very
efficient, getting immediately into operation. Men and women were
separated and sent straight to the gas chambers. By late 1942 they knew
what was coming. The shower ruse did not fool anybody. Aaron was shoved
naked into a large gas chamber holding about 900 people. As the gas took
hold, his last thoughts were that his two daughters were safe in faraway
Australia and somewhere in the background Rav Kook with a smiling face
was saying something to him.

-----------

In early 1945 Lina Ackerman and Itzik Feiglin had their first child –
me.

-----------

In 1995, Michael Dov Raanan, a great grandson of Rav Kook and Amira
Rachel Feiglin, a great granddaughter of Aaron and Juliette Ackerman
were married in Israel.

Amira is my daughter.

-----------

Here is another fourth-generation story:

My paternal great grandmother, Fruma Tzikinipski (1859-1943) was single
girl who came to Israel in the Aliya Alef. She married Chaim Baruch
Chachamovitz (1856-1915).

image:media/image1.png[media/image1,width=604,height=806]

Their eldest child, Sara Rivka (1885-1948) was my grandmother.
