_“Now the word of the Lord came unto Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,
Arise, go to Nineveh, that great city, and cry against it; for their
wickedness is come up before me …_

_And Jonah began to enter into the city a day’s journey, and he cried,
and said, Yet forty days and Nineveh shall be overthrown …_

_And God saw their works, that they turned from their evil way; and God
repented of the evil, that he said that he would do …”_

*_From the Book of Jonah_*

Below, are three editorials, which will never be published in Israel,
but could well be published at the appropriate times in a prominent
newspaper in the United States.

Every day that passes makes them increasingly plausible.

Daniel Feiglin,

POB 36,

Shavei Shomron, D.N. 4485800

dilogsys@inter.net.il

© 21/08/2004

 +
12 April, 2006

יזכור- Yizkor

In Memoriam

In memory of a valiant little nation that lost its nerve a minute before
its redemption

One month ago, the world in which we lived was shattered. Simultaneous
nuclear blasts of approximately twenty kilotons apiece, effectively
leveled the centers of Israel’s three largest cities, Tel Aviv, Haifa
and West Jerusalem. A further string of smaller blasts of about half a
kiloton apiece, wiped out the central populated areas from Gedera in the
south to Hadera, north of what was Tel Aviv. It is now known that the
bombs used were enhanced and modified tactical devices, some 120 of
which found their way from the Ukraine in early 1999, to Pakistan, then
to Afghanistan and then via who knows how many hands, to the
perpetrators. One of the “enhancements” involved packaging the bombs in
special cobalt containers, which ensured that anyone close enough to
ground zero, not killed in the main blasts, would suffer a lethal dose
of radiation.

No one is certain who did this thing. The known terror groups such as Al
Qaida have been strangely silent, and those claiming responsibility lack
credibility. But the results are clear: Israel suffered over two million
casualties from the direct blasts, and during the following week, around
three million more people appear to have either died or become
terminally ill from the radiation effects. The fact that about half a
million Palestinians were wiped out didn’t seem to bother those
responsible.

The levels of radioactivity near the centers have all but prevented any
kind of aid from reaching the stricken areas and to make matters worse
the neighboring countries have “occupied” adjacent areas with the
supposed interest of rendering aid to the population. Egypt has occupied
the Negev, Jordan has occupied the center of the country and Syria has
taken over the Golan and the Galil areas. Barely a week later we began
to see armed clashes between the occupying powers, so no one could have
any doubts as to their real intentions.

It may be of some relief to know that the Egyptians found the Dimona
Nuclear Center a boiling radioactive slagheap, reminiscent of the
Chernobyl disaster. It is equally a relief to know that the Soreq
nuclear installation went up in a string of conventional explosions
releasing a flood of yet to be identified radioactive material. The
blasts seem to have been triggered by the entry of Egyptian troops into
the area.

How thoughtful of the Israelis not to leave us with a very nasty
problem.

Unfortunately however, the Israeli Air Force is largely unaccounted for,
and no one has any idea to where Israel’s three ocean-going submarines
have disappeared. It is thought that the latter were armed with cruise
type missiles with multiple nuclear warheads.

And what of relief from the international community for any survivors?
As usual, the General Assembly and the Security Council of the United
Nations became so ensnared in the details of their own one sided
rhetoric as to render nugatory the chance of any succor from that
direction.

But what happened? Did the Israeli Government with all its intelligence
arms have no inkling of what was going on under its nose? The chances
are that it did not. The USA was caught out on September 11, 2001,
mostly out of complacency, misplaced trust and vested interests. Israel
however was maneuvered into divesting herself of Gaza and most of the
West Bank, allowing deployment of international control – which was, as
to be expected, completely impotent against terrorist infiltration and
subsequent occupation of those areas. The supposed humanitarian reasons
for removing equally “supposed” Israeli occupation of those areas are
now shown to be as vacuous as the Nationalist Israeli groups claimed
them to be. Most of the West Bank Palestinians are either dead or dying
and population of the Gaza strip is simply dying of thirst and
starvation. (The water pumps supplying Gaza were located in Israel, and
in any event, the water supplies they drew upon are contaminated with
radioactive fallout.) There is no doubt that Israel’s capitulation to
the international demands resulted from the strange mix of stupidity and
cupidity that have characterized her international relations since the
state was founded in 1948. The moral turpitude and rank cowardice of
successive Israeli governments is completely at odds with the personal
valor and resourcefulness of her leaders in the face of battle. Did
Israel lose its nerve because somewhere, it lost its sense of purpose
and direction?

Even if we were to accept Arab rhetoric as Gospel truth, none of
Israel’s sins warranted genocide.

How strange, is the unholy silence of the Holy See, for the second time
in living memory.

How strange, is the silence of all those human rights groups, which
apparently regard the murder of over five million human beings, because
of their race or nationality, as being less important than the
preservation of an endangered species of penguins. And indeed, the
Jewish people are now very much an “endangered species”. If you should
care to ask, “So what?” then, for a start have a look at the number of
Jewish Nobel Prize laureates compared with any other identifiable group
on this planet. And remember also, that the total worldwide Jewish
population has never exceeded about 18 millions.

One month ago, the world in which we lived shattered. The world never
understood, indeed never wanted to understand that Hitler’s Holocaust
was not just a Jewish tragedy. This latest atrocity may prove to be even
more a general human tragedy than just a Jewish one.

The Jews of the world lost their dream of more than 2000 years a minute
before its fulfillment.

But, what of us who live? We the living, have lost our humanity. And
again, should you care to ask, “So what?” then, listen carefully to the
rolling drums of Jihad from the East, financed and nurtured by the
industries of the West. We have sown a storm, and we will yet reap a
hurricane.

The Last Kaddish

A month has passed, and it is a matter of record that most of the known
Jewish communities have simply dropped out of sight, as if swallowed up
by the earth. Here and there, you can still talk to some of the
better-known Jewish leadership. But their words ring hollow; they
represent ghosts.

When the clash between East and West has passed, and after we have paid
for our inhumanity in full, perhaps it will be an Eternal Jew, who will
come cautiously out of hiding, to dig our graves, perhaps shed a tear
that none of us deserve, and declaim,

*Yitgadal ve-yitkadash Shemei Rabba!*

*Magnified and sanctified be His Great Name!*

22 September, 2007

Nemesis

A moment of sanity in a time of madness

Eighteen months ago the world witnessed an act of madness resulting in
the destruction of the state of Israel, and the near disappearance of
most of the worldwide major Jewish communities. The response of the
world was silence, whether out of indifference, disbelief, or maybe even
numbness. And then once again madness struck. The Pope’s last Easter
address at St Peter’s Square was cut short barely seconds after he began
to speak – by a Lau missile, which smashed into the podium killing the
Pontiff, and seven of his immediate entourage. Rather unsurprisingly and
within minutes, several extremist Islamic groups both on the air and
over the Internet were claiming “credit” for the murder. The missile
launcher was found, free of fingerprints and any identifying marks. The
operator was not.

But that was just the beginning. A month later, in May, cardinals from
all over the world, entered into Conclave to elect a new heir to St.
Peter’ throne. After several inconclusive rounds of voting followed by
the traditional plume of black smoke from the Sistine Chapel, the world
was suddenly treated to a great white cloud, not of a plume emerging
from the Chapel, but one in the shape of a mushroom. A nuclear blast of
about 70 kilotons wiped the Vatican City off the map, along with the
immediate surrounding suburbs.

Once again, terrorist groups of all sorts – Islamic, Maoist and the
like, were quick to jump on the bandwagon, but their joy was short
lived. Exactly 24 hours later, two more explosions occurred. One of
about 150 kiloton yield, turned the center of Mecca into a radioactive
crater 700 meters across and about 30 meters deep – leaving no trace of
the Kabbah stone, Islam’s holiest shrine. As if to add insult to injury,
the device appears to have been cased in Cobalt 60, ensuring that the
site would remain radioactive for years to come. The second bomb,
somewhat smaller, pulverized the center of Medina, Islam’s second most
holy place.

This time the shock led to silence from the Islamic states and extremist
groups, and then a day or so later, a spate of ludicrous accusations
against US sponsored Zionist Jewish renegades and the like. If such
rhetoric was ridiculous enough when Israel and the world wide Jewish
communities existed, it was now palpable nonsense, reflecting sadly on
the sanity of those who persist in repeating it.

But still that was not the end. As if to put paid to the Jewish-Zionist
ogre theories for all time, another week later saw a fourth device, of
about 150 kiloton blast the already stricken city of Jerusalem, this
time reducing the Old City to rubble but leaving standing one row of
charred stones – the massive foundation blocks of the Wailing Wall on
the edge of a crater that was once the Temple Mount.

The total destruction of the centers of Christianity, Islam and Judaism
will provide endless editorial material for journalists, student of
political science and theologians alike. Whatever they will say or write
will never really plumb the depth of what has happened.

Within the space of a further four months the world changed again. The
Catholic Church, as a monolithic central body has ceased to exist. All
the cardinals bar several over 80 years old and a few who were not in
Rome for health reasons are dead. For the first time in 2000 years the
Apostolic succession has been broken. Archbishops all over the world
have already assumed local authority. Where shock, desertion or sheer
indifference has not destroyed the Catholic Church, a new decentralized
leadership is beginning to emerge, hopefully capable of responding to
both the spiritual and material needs of the populations it serves,
maybe offering an infusion of new hope and faith. Perhaps the time has
come for the shattered Roman Church to make peace and common cause with
the other Christian denominations for the good of us all.

The Moslem world is also in chaos. The very idea that anyone, be it
believer or infidel could strike at the very heart of Islam totally
destroying it, has not yet been grasped. Local centers are sprouting all
over the Islamic world, lead typically by charismatic personalities each
claiming to be the true reincarnation or heir to the Prophet Mohammed.
Some of them even claim to have pieces or all of the Kabbah stone,
spirited to them by miracle, a second before the blast. Unlike the
changes in the Christian world, these developments can only be
troubling. Mystic movements fueled by the fanaticism and terror of
Islamic extremism, are all too well known. Now, add to that, the
disenchantment of millions of Moslem believers left devoid of faith and
ready to embrace any alternative, which may fill the gap. We have here a
recipe for chaos and war, which dwarf the most terrible end-of-time
prophecies of the Book of Revelations.

Five months have passed since the Vatican and Mecca were destroyed. No
one has the faintest idea as to the identity of the real perpetrators.
There are just theories. Common to most of them are all sorts of
conspiracy theories ultimately blaming the Israelis. It is true that the
three Israeli nuclear-armed submarines and a good part of her air force
remain unaccounted for to this day, but there is not a shred of tangible
evidence connecting them to what happened. And further, this time no one
has come forward to claim responsibility.

Nevertheless, nuclear weapons are deployed and detonated by people, not
by some avenging Old Testament Deity. The choice of targets demonstrates
that the people behind these four atomic blasts wanted to make a point.
With apologies to William Shakespeare, were they saying, “A plague on
all your houses”? Were they saying, that the day of centralized
religions and the politics deriving from them have come and gone?
Perhaps they were trying to tell us that in order to survive as a
species, man would need to find another way to relate to himself and to
his God or gods.

In our view, the people – human beings like all of us, who committed
these acts, were no less evil than the evil (as perceived by them) that
they destroyed. Unlike “conventional terrorists” they did not threaten,
extort or kidnap. They simply acted in a way as if to say, “You will pay
attention and take heed”. If these people in making their point, are
prepared do so in such a manner, one can only tremble at what lesson
they may choose to inflict next, if their point is not taken.

Let us take a moment of sanity in a time of madness. Would it hurt to
pay attention and take heed? It is paradoxical that maybe some good may
yet come out from all this evil.

20 May, 2008

Nemesis (2)

Revenge or cleansing?

One week ago, the world suffered yet another round – the third, of
nuclear explosions. The nuclear and rocketry development centers of
Iran, Pakistan and North Korea were destroyed in near simultaneous
ground blasts estimated to be about 150 kilotons each. But this time
there may be a clue as to who was behind them and why. Within minutes of
the attacks, the major news centers of the world were deluged with a
spate of electronic mail all carrying the same message. In essence it
claimed that during 2003-2004, three Dolphin class submarines of the
defunct state of Israel, had been converted from diesel-electric power
to nuclear power. They were stripped of all armaments other than
multiple warhead cruise type missiles capable of delivering 150-kiloton
nuclear blasts. They were manned by small elite crews, whom in addition
to their normal operational duties, were also trained for a doomsday
role. The message went on to explain that each stage of the doomsday
operation would proceed if world did not take suitable steps after the
previous one. No explanation of “suitable steps” was offered. There was
no indication as to how a decision to proceed would be made or by whom.
The last part of the message was most troubling: It said, “The world is
now largely free of rogue states having nuclear weapons and the ability
to use them. This is your last chance to display the determination
required to ensure that events like 13 March 2006 (the destruction of
the state of Israel – ed.), will never happen again. In any event, this
is the last time we say to you all - Shalom”.

All the flap in the United Nations and the Security Council over
“hunting down and destroying the Zionist murderers” is pointless. We
should assume that three advanced nuclear powered submarines would be so
equipped that their crews would know if they are being hunted and
tracked. How such people having lost all and with nowhere to go, will
react in extremis requires little imagination. Does anyone remember how
Samson of the Bible behaved in his last moments? We would do well to
forget about three submarines, which sooner or later will need to return
to a nonexistent port in a nonexistent country. Instead, as we suggested
in our “Nemesis” editorial of 22 September 2007, we should pay attention
and take heed. It is now possible to cleanse the world of the evil of
nuclear terror, which has brought us to this point. One way or another,
we will bring about our own destruction if we ignore the opportunity.
What difference does it make to the dead if they were murdered by terror
extortionists or by self-appointed ex-Israeli angels of death?

Read the last sentence of the email message again: “ In any event, this
is the last time we say to you all – Shalom”. Think carefully of what it
could mean.

Postscript: Is it plausible?

== Introduction

It is all too easy to dismiss the above scenario as a piece of
farfetched political science fiction. Unfortunately recent worldwide
developments in political and financial affairs (are they that
different?) point to the emergence of something very ugly even if it is
only the transformation of the so called open democracies to closed
near-totalitarian states all in the interest of defense against
international terror. That of itself is a win to the terrorists. We
don’t need to reach the point of tactical nuclear exchanges.

In the following sections I offer several Internet sites, which I found
useful in giving my scenario a touch of reality.

== Energy Yield from Nuclear Explosions

The following site contains tables of destructive radius for yield at
various heights. If it becomes inaccessible, I can supply the text.

http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/Lab/2742/numbers.htm

== Israel’s Submarines – A Second Strike Strategy

The amount of detail on this site is quite incredible. See

http://www.israeli-weapons.com/index.html

In particular, go to

http://www.israeli-weapons.com/weapons/naval/dolphin/Dolphin.html

Here is a non-Israeli site with a cutaway diagram:

http://users.skynet.be/RonSubCovers/Dieselsub/U-212%20GE.htm

This is a German site on the same subject:

http://users.otenet.gr/~kostast/212.htm

About conversion of Israel’s conventionally powered submarines to
nuclear propulsion:

It would take about 14 months to convert each submarine. With a limited
fleet of about six submarines, taking just one out of service for over a
year would be problematic.

== Availability of Tactical Nuclear Weapons to Terror Groups

There is not much of substance on this subject, but a lot of rumors. The
story about the pilfered Ukrainian devices is true, something of the
order of 120 tactical devices having found their way to Pakistan around
the New Year of 1998. In February 2004 someone claiming to speak for al
Qaida admitted that the group had acquired tactical nuclear weapons. The
claim was given little cover off the Internet, and seems to have been
quickly “forgotten”. Why? Whose toes were being trod upon?

== Israel Doomsday Policy as a Deterrent

It is well known that submarines offer any country having them a
second-strike capability. That is in itself something of a deterrent. I
do not know if the Israeli Military has a contingency plan for doomsday
style retaliation as I have described. It would fit military thinking,
but Israeli politics and politicians are so superficial, small-town and
steeped in silly preconceptions, that I doubt it. Perhaps Begin and Ben
Gurion may have been willing to consider such things, but I doubt that
any of their successors have had the mental flexibility, capacity or
courage to face such an eventuality. Nevertheless, even if there were a
credible rumor of the existence of such a plan, it would have to give
Israel’s enemies pause for thought.

== And a little Black Humor …

Below is a radial map of Mecca centered on the Kabba Stone. Notice a
large rectangular building marked W.C. in the northeast quadrant a
little to the right of the “Marwan”, the north south passageway that
leads into the Kabbah stone area. Given the relative size of the block,
its purpose, and the size of the population it is expected to service,
it should be a multi-floor reinforced concrete structure.

image::../image/mecca-radial.png[Mecca-Radial,width=576,height=577]

The second editorial, “Nemesis” of 22 September 2007 describes the
destruction of the Kabbah stone area:

“… Exactly 24 hours later, two more explosions occurred. One of about
150 kiloton yield, turned the center of Mecca into a radioactive crater
700 meters across and about 30 meters deep – leaving no trace of the
Kabbah stone, Islam’s holiest shrine. As if to add insult to injury, the
device appears to have been cased in Cobalt 60, ensuring that the site
would remain radioactive for years to come. The second bomb, somewhat
smaller, pulverized the center of Medina, Islam’s second most holy
place.”

The blast strength was calculated to leave the W.C. standing.

Sic transit gloria Islamia.
